# Package team meeting October 28th 2020

Attended by Jesper, Richard, David, Lotte, Kevin, Nik & Dave

## Intro to our newest member David!

Hi David!

## Responsibilities within the team

We discussed changing the way we work, in particular having set roles against different projects. The main role here is to keep tabs on the repo and organise issues / PRs; being responsive to the community. Here are the responsibilities:

- Jesper - Main Packages, overarching
- Kevin - Templates
- David - Templates
- Dave - Our
- Lotte - Our 
- Richard - UmbPack
- Nik - UmbPack

The first task for all members is to go through and check staus of where we are at in their specific area, tidy up issues, respond to PRs and get them in a good state for the next meeting.

## Other points discussed in the meeting

Discussed scheduling the calls - Thursday at midday (GMT) works for everyone.

Meta data on Package Templates (and other package tools) needs updated. Who should be the author? Decided on "Umbraco Community".

Hearing back about dates for the community meet ups at some point next week, Jesper to inform.

Need to edit the video from the packages workshop Nik and Richard held so we can release it. Jesper will send the video to Nik to have a go.
