# Package team meeting August 6th 2020

Attended by Dave, Jesper, Kevin, Nik & Richard

## Package templates project

Talked status on the [package templates project](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates). Richard is working on documenting it, talked about what other item templates we may want, Kevin will look into porting some migration examples he has to an item template. 
Others will look into the tool and try it out + feedback on the contribution process.
Also talked about what Umbraco version we'd want the templates to generate, currently it is a hard coded value. Will investigate whether we can add a version as a cmd line option, and also whether we can make it somehow get the "latest". In the end we can document out way out of it.

## UmbPack pipelines

Kevin has been setting UmbPack up for some of his packages, and will add pipeline yaml configurations in a folder on the UmbPack repo, which can be used to gather different examples of using UmbPack in different CI/CD providers.

## Hacktoberfest

### Package workshop(s)

Good feedback from our package workshop tweets, will continue to monitor and gather ideas. Next week Jesper, Richard & Lotte will join a workshop about running online workshops to learn more. Next meeting in 2 weeks we will decide on a format, content and dates for the workshops.

## How to prevent duplicate packages

Had a long chat about how we prevent people copying OS packages and reuploading in their own name - which is permitted under most OS licenses, but is not really following the Friendly values we live by in the Umbraco community.
We plan to add a few paragraphs of Code of Conduct to the final package creation page on Our to let people know our concerns and stance on this. 


