# Package team meeting January 7th 2021

Attendees: Dave, David, Jesper, Kevin, Lotte, Nik & Richard

Notetaker: Richard

## Agenda

- Status on Umbpack
- Status on Package Templates
- Status on UI Examples
- Status on Our
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on Umbpack

PRs currently outstanding and in need of review. Current PRs have been reviewed from a functional point of view but need more knowledge to close. [PR56](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbPack/pull/59) requires [PR666](https://github.com/umbraco/OurUmbraco/pull/666) on Our to work. 


## Status on Package Templates

Project paths are currently breaking and need fixing. There's an open PR for this.

Dependabot is flagging issues with the gulp script which needs an update.

## Status on UI Examples

Suggested adding more information to the buttons around "loading" state (loading gif when clicked).

Move this into it's own package to make it more accessible and easier to contribute to.

## Status on Our

Discussed progress of having the dev database for Our contain package data as it's hard to try and improve the packages area of the site without having data there (listing/filtering/ordering being the main areas).

The count for downloads when pulling from Nuget is still not working correctly due to the inconsitencies in the published/created date.

Which areas of Our could still do with some work; package listings / adding tags to packages / package details page / package upload section. This should be turned into a GitHub discussion, specifically around the tags to discuss a best route forward but suggested tags should be in Our source control to allow modification through code PRs.

## Any other business

Discussed progress around .NET Core with the capability to now run packages in the latest release. No action needed right now as still too early to develop.

There's a need to revisit the roadmap to make it's up to date with current and planned work.

Next meeting is on 21/1/21 and will be solely to discuss how we add and manage package tags.

## Tasks for next time

For next time we aim to have made progress on:

* Dave
* David
* Jesper  
Look into Our DB to include package data and API keys  
Setup a repo for the UI Examples package  
Setup GDoc for the team to write notes RE package tags
* Kevin  
Look into Nuget download count on Our  
Move the UI Examples into the repo Jesper sets up
* Lotte  
Work on Our DB
* Nik
* Richard  
More investigation into the outstanding PRs in UmbPack
