# Package team meeting December 1st 2021
Attendees: David, Kevin, Lotte, Nik, Richard, Ronald

## Agenda
- UI Examples build pipeline
- Package best practices documentation
- Create plan of action for short-term goals
- Any other business

## UI Examples build pipeline
[PR #27](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples/pull/27) includes a lot of changes to restructure the project, updates the sample sites (to use unattended install with SQL CE) and adds a CI build (using GitHub Actions) that outputs both Umbraco Package ZIP and NuGet package files as artifacts.

Richard has indicated to review this PR. Ronald will add a note about the Umbraco UI Library to avoid possible confusion and aquire the right credentials to publish v2 to both Our and NuGet.org (which could also be automated). Lotte will then ensure the release is communicated externally.

## Package best practices documentation
Kevin didn't have time to look into this yet, but indicated to get started on it this month.

## Create plan of action for short-term goals
We went over the goals discussed during the last meeting.

David will look into what useful bits we can move from Package.Templates (for v8) into the core project template (v9).

Lotte suggested to check if it's possible to do an UmbraCollab (Thursday lunchtime Discord session) on working on the Our.Umbraco codebase, e.g. setting up a local environment and starting on bugfixes/features (to implement some of the incremental updates). Lotte also worked on a package importer to seed a local install with (public) package data, which she's going to look at again.

## Any other business
Next meeting is on December 15th 2021 and will be our community team Christmas party! Make sure to get in the Christmas spirit, dress up and/or decorate approriately (bonus points for a matching mug)!

## Tasks for next time
For next time we aim to have made progress on:

- David
  - Create overview of useful bits to move from Package.Templates (for v8) into core package template (v9), possibly already create PRs to the CMS
- Kevin
  - Create best practices documentation PR
- Lotte
  - Communicate release of UI Examples v2 on social media (after it is published)
  - Review package import feature for local Our.Umbraco install
- Nik
  - Get back into a work rhythm
- Richard
  - Review UI Examples PR #27
- Ronald
  - Update UI Examples PR #27 with note about the Umbraco UI Library
  - Get credentials for Our and NuGet to publish UI Examples v2 (after PR #27 is merged)
  - Try to setup an UmbraCollab session for contributing to Our.Umbraco