# Package team meeting 16th September 2021

Attendees: Dave, David, Lotte, Nik, Kevin & Andy

Notetaker: Andy

## Agenda

- Status on Packages on v9
- Status on [Umbpack](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbPack)
- Status on [Package Templates](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates)
- Status on [Umbraco.Packages](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages) issues
- Status on [UI Examples](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples)
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on Packages on v9

Discussed upcoming V9 launch stream and received feedback on slides and planned topics to cover.

## Status on Umbpack

Nothing discussed.

## Status on Package Templates

Nothing discussed.

## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues

Nothing discussed.

## Status on UI Examples

Nothing discussed.

## Any other business

### Hacktoberfest

Discussed this year's Umbraco Hacktoberfest, where a focus is planned for V9 packages.

Planned to redo the approach from last year, where a [page on GitHub](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages/blob/main/Hacktoberfest2020/readme.md) is publicised and made available via short URL, with package maintainers able to submit a PR to have their package included.

## Amends to Our

Discussed how V9 package search and visibility isn't ideal at present:

- Support for V9 for a package not shown in version summary unless an empty package file is uploaded for that version.
- Need to consider how versions above and beyond V9 are indicated.
- Potentially need NuGet fields for V8 and V9, not just one.
- Handling of pre-release NuGet add package commands.

### Next meeting

Agreed a change of date/time to Monday at 3pm UK time.  Next meeting on October 4th.

## Tasks for next time

Andy:
 - To investigate possibility of limited access to Cloud V9 project prior to launch for package developer testing.
 - To update calendar invite for new date and time.

Lotte:
 - To create a PR for Hacktoberfest 2021, creating a new page with details of the initiative, and ready for maintainers to add their packages to.

Anyone whow would like to:
 - To write up an issue on the Our.Umbraco repo for the proposed changes to better support V9 packages.


