# Package team meeting Nov 2nd, 2022

Attendees: Dave, David, Lotte, Nik, Richard, Ronald

Special Guest: Rachel Breeze from the Accessibility Team!

Notetaker: Lotte


## Agenda

- Hacktoberfest review
- Accessibility guidelines for package developers
- Packages best practices docs PR
- v10 Package templates review
- Umbraco Marketplace update
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time


## Hacktoberfest review

Hacktoberfest was a success! New packages were created, PRs to packages were made, and new releases as a result. No doubt a summary blog post from HQ will be published soon with all the statistics.


## Accessibility guidelines for package developers

Rachel from the Accessibility Team joined us to discuss her 'First pass at accessibility guidelines' PR (https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages/pull/154). Great content, definitely worth publishing. Agreed that made sense as a new page within the packages section on the Umbraco Docs (i.e. within https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Extending/Packages/).


## Packages best practices docs PR

Would be good to get the PR (https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/pull/3829) released, perhaps cut it back to what is known now for v10 and get it live, then look to update again for v11.

Should have link to the packages accessibility page when that's live on the Umbraco Docs.


## v10 Package templates review

Richard made a draft PR: https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates/pull/68

Agreed that there is definitely a use for a more 'sophisticated' / helpful template than the core one.

As it is going to be 'opinionated' probably best for it to live in the Packages repo, not in core.


## Umbraco Marketplace

Discussed progress, expected release early Dec with v11


## Any other business

Didn't really get to revisiting the Community Team outcomes. Next time?!

Dave made the point that trying to use new UUI is difficult in 10.3 as no clear documentation

Next meeting is on Wednesday Nov 16th.


## Tasks for next time

Ronald - check who is responsible for updating the package section docs for launch of new marketplace