# Package team meeting February 23rd, 2022
Attendees: Dave, David, Kevin, Lotte, Ronald

Notetaker: Ronald

## Agenda
- Status on packages ecosystem
- Package Awards
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on packages ecosystem
Kevin fixed the NuGet paging issue, so the correct average downloads/day can be shown on Our: https://github.com/umbraco/OurUmbraco/pull/753. Ronald will review/merge this PR and coordinate a new release with Sebastiaan.

The discussion moved to the new Marketplace and how that will track data like this. The goal is to show more relevant data (downloads/day can be heavily affected by CI/CD and/or incorrect because of NuGet feed caching), which is why package telemetry has been added to recent Umbraco versions.

Package telemetry is currently only reported when you include a package manifest (by adding a `package.manifest` to your package folder in App_Plugins). Kevin mentioned this can also be done through C# (as shown in [this discussion](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/discussions/12054)) and that some package manifests might be part of a bigger package, but in that case the package telemetry reporting can be disabled by setting `allowPackageTelemetry` to `false` for that single manifest.

The version (that's reported in the package telemetry) currently needs to be manually updated: we discussed possible solutions to this. We can add support to UmbPack to automatically set/update this as part of the pack command and/or update Umbraco to automatically infer a missing version from the identically named assembly (although that will only work on newer Umbraco versions and only for packages that also ship with a DLL).

## Package Awards 
Lotte asked whether the team will be included in this years Package Awards, like in previous years (preparations started 12 weeks prior to Codegarden): Ronald will ask Ilham about this years plans.

We also discussed what categories would make sense, like having a disctincion between community (personal hours) and commercial (paid hours) packages. With the release of Umbraco 9, we also debated whether Umbraco 8 (only) packages would still be elegible.

## Any other business
Next meeting is on March 9th, 2022.

## Tasks for next time
For next time we aim to have made progress on:

- David
  - Continue on draft PR (if possible): https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/pull/12021
- Kevin
  - Recreate best practices documentation PR
- Lotte
  - Create draft PR to get help in finishing the package import feature
- Ronald
  - Review PR https://github.com/umbraco/OurUmbraco/pull/753
  - Request more information about team involvement in this years Package Awards