# Package team meeting January 12th, 2022
Attendees: Dave, David, Kevin, Lotte, Nik, Richard, Ronald

Notetaker: Ronald

## Agenda
- UI Examples build/release pipeline
- Feedback on Marketplace design document
- Best practices documentation PR
- Create overview of useful bits to move from Package.Templates to CMS/Umbraco.Templates
- Review package import feature for local Our.Umbraco install
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## UI Examples build/release pipeline
[PR #27](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples/pull/27) was merged on December 16th, 2021 and UI Examples v2 got released on the same day! Lotte ensured this was also communicated on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/UmbracoPackages/status/1471830931271004168).

Creating and publishing new releases can now be done using GitHub Actions.

You can run the [`Prepare release` workflow](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples/actions/workflows/prepare-release.yml) to automate the creation of a new release branch (when selecting the master branch) and have the version numbers updated. This new branch can be used to mature the release, e.g. adding release notes for the NuGet package or going from a beta/RC to the final version.

Running the [`Publish release` workflow](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples/actions/workflows/publish-release.yml) on a release branch will ensure the latest commit is tagged with the correct version. To publish this version to both Our and NuGet.org, you need to manually create a GitHub release based on the tag (which allows taking advantage of auto-generated release notes). If this is a prerelease version, you can run the `Prepare release` against the release branch to prepare the final version using the same workflow.

## Feedback on Marketplace design document
We briefly discussed the design document for the new Marketplace (only shared internally). This mostly describes the high level architecture, so there we no substantive comments to mention.

## Best practices documentation PR
No (significant) progress to share yet.

## Create overview of useful bits to move from Package.Templates to CMS/Umbraco.Templates
No (significant) progress to share yet.

## Review package import feature for local Our.Umbraco install
No (significant) progress to share yet.

## Any other business
Next meeting is on January 26th, 2022.

## Tasks for next time
For next time we aim to have made progress on:

- David
  - Create overview of useful bits to move from Package.Templates (for v8) into core package template (v9), possibly already create PRs to the CMS
- Kevin
  - Create best practices documentation PR
- Lotte
  - Review package import feature for local Our.Umbraco install