# Package team meeting June 29th, 2022

Attendees: David, Kevin, Lotte, Nik, Richard, Ronald

Notetaker: Lotte

## Agenda

- CG Package Awards Retrospective
- Meet the Communities Team session at CG Retrospective
- Umbraco Marketplace Update
- Communities Teams Visit Update
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time


## Codegarden Package Awards Retrospective

We have received good feedback overall on how the awards process and the Codegarden session went: well done everyone!

New "Package Contributor" award:
- great addition to the awards
- could have been promoted more (e.g. newsletter to package owners to remind them to nominate)
- package owner could write the words to be said in awards show for the runners up / winners

What about a Packages 'Hall of Fame'?
- list online somewhere (community site)
- mentioned and celebrated in the awards each year
- Jury's choice winner each year joins Hall of Fame
- Hall of Fame packages not eligible to win awards in future
- _could_ launch with those game-changer packages in the past and/or those been merged into Core

Thoughts/feedback to consider for 2023 awards:
- Awards show could celebrate the Hall of Fame packages, the top X downloaded packages in the last year, and include more stats generally around the packages ecosystem
- Could consider fewer awards unless the pool of packages has increased in the year
- Winning slide should include the official 'contributor' names (as on Our), not just the owner name
- Have the Package Awards show right after the Umbraco awards at Codegarden?
- Announce in advance so people know they've been nominated (blog post)
- Again consider commercial v non-commercial (or full-time dev v part-time)
- Should start planning earlier!


## Meet the Communities Team session at CG Retrospective

Ronald, David and Dave attended from packages team. Session was with Docs and Backoffice teams.
Was 15:35 CEST on the Thursday of CG. Not yet had any feedback from people yet!


## Umbraco Marketplace Update

Andy Butland will arrange an update session soon for those signed the NDA.


## Communities Teams Visit

Confirmed Sept 22/23rd in Odense. Focus of visit to be discussed / confirmed.


## Any other business

Next meeting is on Wed Jul 13th. Perhaps will take a short summer break after that.


## Tasks for next time

Sign the NDA and check your passport expiry dates!
