# Package team meeting 31-05-2023
Attendees: Ronald, Lotte, Dennis, Mario, Marc, Callum, Richard, Carl

Notetaker: Richard

## Agenda
- CG 2023
- Focus for next year for the team
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## CG 2023
Everyone who is present at CG, we have the community teams meetup at the end of day 1. Ronald will create 2 slides to show the focus on what we've been doing and then the focus for the coming year. Make sure you favourite the session and turn up! Callum is conflicted with UmbraCoffee and Lotte will be unavailable.

Discussed Package Award format and support needed.

## Focus for next year for the team
New back office is a focus, but pushed back a little (v14). Focus on the documentation and other pre-requisities to get people involved with packages in the meantime (blog posts, documentation, community site etc).

Callum can help with blog post (package namespace suggestions; `Our.Community.[whatever]`), Lotte and Richard have recently created and launched a package.


## Any other business
Talked around various interesting items that will be released in coming releases:  
- v11.4 release brings RCL package template, could be some actions here for documentation/"Opinionated starter kit" integration  
- v14 brings a new package format that allows packages to load in the CMS without restarting - see https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/pull/5197
- `14-alpha` release which has ^^^^^ in it to "play" with the new code and structure

"Soba Wok Style" noodles are Richard's favourite pot noodle.

**Question**: Telemetry levels are ambiguous for packages. You can disable telemetry from Umbraco config but you can also do it via package manifest. What does each level do? You need a version in the manifest to actually record this. New feature in v12 can use the assembly name of the DLL rather than the package name if set.

Next meeting is on 28-06-2023.

## Tasks for next time
For next time we aim to have made progress on:

- CG slideshow for community groups - Ronald
- Think about blog post ideas for getting people involved in packages - Callum lead (everyone should think)
- Clarify documentation on telemetry - Mario
- Update the community team profile (on the community site https://community.umbraco.com/learn-about-the-community/community-teams/) - Ronald
- Prep for Package Awards - Ronald / Jury team