# Package team meeting 1st Nov 2023
Attendees: Callum (passive), Dennis, Lotte, Marc, Richard, Ronald

Notetaker: Ronald

## Agenda
- Hacktoberfest/Packtoberfest progress (including 14 okt. hackathon)
- Overview of top packages created during Community Teams Visit
- dotnet new umbraco-package template for v14
- Upcoming Package Newsletter
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Hacktoberfest/Packtoberfest progress (including 14 okt. hackathon)
More info will be shared later in a blogpost...

## Overview of top packages created during Community Teams Visit
We'll keep track of the most active/popular packages to see when they start migrating to v14, if our team can give some guidance and/or whether HQ support would make sense. The aim is to ensure v14 works for all types of packages and ensure the go-to packages are v14-ready at or soon after the stable version is released.

## dotnet new umbraco-package template for v14
Lee and Lotte worked on updating the dotnet new template during Community Visit and a draft PR has been created: https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/pull/14975. 

## Upcoming Package Newsletter
The next Package Newsletter will contain a recap of the Community Teams visit, the release of v14 preview 3, Hacktoberfest, Sustainability Challenge and Marketplace updates.

## Any other business
Richards lunch recommendation of the day was: Itsu Protein noodles.

Marc highlighted that not all pages on the Marketplace are indexed correctly, so this needs to be looked at by HQ.

Next meeting is on 15th Nov 2023 at 10:30 CET and will also use Google Meet.

## Tasks for next time
For next time we aim to have made progress on:

- Richard: Update UI Examples README with note about v14 branch
- Ronald: Close UI Examples Hacktoberfest PR https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages/pull/171